You can't afford to do so much harm in your life.
The five nobles’ VIP level is five billion
Dad, can Lin Jia make so much money now?
Five, it’s all your fault
Where are we going to pick up these five billion now?
How can you blame me?
I have no problem discussing projects.
It's Lin Jia's problem.
Then you mean
It's our Lin Jia's problem
What about people?
It's not my delivery
Stop talking, everyone.
It is urgent now
I received five billion first
Doesn’t pinpin pinpin like you?
You can ask him to borrow it
I'm married now
Borrow money from him
It's always bad, right?
That's not simple yet
You and I Tianchan paid for the wedding.
Didn’t you buy it if you got married here?
Where did I go with this money from my natural inheritance?
Talk about calling him back
Pay back the blame for the money
Marry me and follow us
Is the one I am using for the first time?
Divorce him cleanly
Miss Lan is so kind-hearted
You actually came here to gain more of my natural wealth
The tone I used when I spoke to you last time was inappropriate for me.
but please help me
marry me
I won't marry you
People are about to play
You can divorce your industry
marry me
How could you take advantage of your employer?
Could it be that you were also involved?